{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12660\viewh12440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The dietary contributions of aquatic and terrestrial sources to T.extensa\'92s diet and niche width varied across treatments, primarily attributed to differences in prey availability (hypothesis II) resulting from the effects of ALAN and Crayfish treatments. The increased proportion of aquatic insects in T. extensa\'92s diet under ALAN and crayfish treatments suggests these factors may enhance aquatic insect emergence or availability. Meanwhile, reduced proportion of terrestrial insects may reflect lower availability or reduced attraction to light. Web placement on vegetation near or overhanging the streams may have facilitated the greater capture of emerging aquatic insects by Tetragnatha extensa.  For instance \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The moderate overlap in 95% prediction ellipses between each treatment and the control (ranging from 38% to 41%) suggests that 
\f2\i \strokec2 T. extensa
\f1\i0 \strokec2  maintained partial dietary consistency across treatment conditions. However, the reduced overlap also indicates a shift in isotopic niche under ALAN, crayfish, and ALAN + Crayfish treatments, likely reflecting changes in prey availability or foraging dynamics driven by these stressors. For instance\
\
The broader isotopic niche widths observed under ALAN (0.87\'89\'b2) and ALAN + Crayfish (1.04\'89\'b2) treatments suggest increased prey availability or dietary diversity for 
\f2\i \strokec2 T. extensa
\f1\i0 \strokec2  under artificial light conditions. This may be due to ALAN attracting a wider range of insects, thereby increasing their availability and likelihood of capture in the spiders' webs (REF). These findings support the idea that ALAN may promote trophic generalization in 
\f2\i \strokec2 T. extensa
\f1\i0 \strokec2  by altering insect community composition or behavior, leading to broader isotopic niches (REF). For instance
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The slight increase in the proportion of aquatic insects in the spider diet under the crayfish treatment compared to the ALAN treatment suggests differing foraging behavior of 
\f2\i Tetragnatha
\f1\i0  spiders under each condition. Although aquatic insect emergence, primarily dominated by Chironomidae, was reduced in the crayfish treatment, the spiders consumed a slightly higher proportion of aquatic insects in this condition. This may be due to the positive phototactic response of Chironomidae, which could have directed their flight toward light sources, reducing the likelihood of being caught in spider webs under ALAN. Previous studies have shown that 
\f2\i Tetragnatha
\f1\i0  and other riparian spiders are generally attracted to lit areas due to increased prey availability. However, this aggregation may lead to intraspecific competition, thereby reducing the proportion of aquatic insects in individual spider diets.Moreover, the combined effect of both crayfish and ALAN resulted in a 9% and 6% reduction in aquatic insect proportions compared to the crayfish-only and ALAN-only treatments, respectively. This suggests that the combined impact of both stressors is greater than their individual effects. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The lower proportion of terrestrial insects observed across treatments may be influenced by the horizontal web placement of 
\f2\i \strokec2 Tetragnatha
\f1\i0 \strokec2  on vegetation near or overhanging the water, which may limit access to terrestrial prey. Additionally, the behavioral traits of terrestrial insects could play a role. For example, Cicadellidae are known to be negatively phototactic and exhibit limited flight activity, while Curculionidae are predominantly ground-dwelling and rarely enter the vertical space where spider webs are typically located. These traits may reduce the likelihood of terrestrial insects being intercepted by 
\f2\i \strokec2 Tetragnatha
\f1\i0 \strokec2  webs under both treatment conditions.
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Parkinson, E., Lawson, J., & Tiegs, S. D. (2020). 
\f2\i \strokec2 Artificial light at night at the terrestrial-aquatic interface: Effects on predators and fluxes of insect prey
\f1\i0 \strokec2 . 
\f2\i \strokec2 15
\f1\i0 \strokec2 (10), e0240138. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0240138"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0240138}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}