{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red14\green110\blue109;\red0\green0\blue233;
\red109\green109\blue109;\red251\green0\blue7;\red253\green139\blue9;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;
\red251\green0\blue7;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red13\green13\blue20;\red230\green0\blue6;
\red226\green227\blue220;\red19\green20\blue20;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c61456\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;
\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;\cssrgb\c93333\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c90980\c90980\c89020;\cssrgb\c9804\c10196\c10196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11300\viewh10600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #Riparian spider\
Riparian spiders are among the first recipients of emerging aquatic insects and are susceptible to stressors from both aquatic and terrestrial ecosystem. A model example is the horizontal orb-web spider (Tetragnatha extensa) which derives up to 70% of its diet from aquatic sources and 30% terrestrial sources. These spiders are directly or indirectly affected by cross-ecosystem stressors such as invasive crayfish and light pollution.\
\
In another field experiment by Parkinson et al. (2020), ALAN in close proximity to freshwater can intercept lateral resource flow by concentrating the fluxes of emerging aquatic insects and terrestrial consumers around lit area.\
\
Similarly, Gerg et al. (2014) found that the effect of the amphipod Dikerogammarus villous extend beyond aquatic ecosystem by reducing the abundance of web-building spider (Tetragnatha spp.) in riparian ecosystems through altered contribution of aquatic resources to their diet. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Furthermore, ALAN can affect the behavior and feeding preference of night active species such\cf3 \ul \ulc3  as\cf2 \ulnone  \ul signal \ulnone crayfish (Thomas et al., 2016)\cf4 \ul \ulc4 [MA1]\cf2 \ulnone \'a0. For instance, Thomas et al. (2016) observed that nocturnal signal crayfish reduced their activity and intraspecific interactions under ALAN by spending more time in shelter\cf3 \ul \ulc3 s\cf2 \ulnone . \cf4 \ul \ulc4 [MA2]\cf2 \ulnone \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\cf4 \ul [MA1]\cf2 \ulnone There are many crayfish species\'a0 - clarify when you talk about signal\
\'a0\cf4 \ul [MA2]\cf2 \ulnone Check how Ale and I introduced the point that signal crayfish is affected by ALAN. Because you introduce invasive species in the next paragraph. Maybe it\'92s good to introduce the concept of multiple stressors and their interaction and mention ALAN affects crayfish. But careful, as Manfrin et al (2025) we say \'93the effects of crayfish invasion and ALAN are largely independent.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strike \strikec6 However, these ecosystems are increasingly threatened by anthropogenic stressors such as \cf2 \strike0\striked0 Artificial Light at Night (ALAN) and the presence of invasive species\cf3 \ul \ulc3  occur together and may\cf6 \ulnone \strike \strikec6 , both of which can\cf2 \strike0\striked0  disrupt these trophic connections (\cf6 \strike \strikec6 (\cf2 \strike0\striked0 Galib et al., 2022; Moore et al., 2012). \
\
We used the Riparian Stream Mesocosm (RSM; Manfrin et al., 2023) to conduct a 4 x 4 full factorial experiment with four treatments (Control, ALAN (no crayfish), Crayfish (no-ALAN), and ALAN + Crayfish) to assess the dietary response of riparian spider \cf4 \ul \ulc4 [MA1]\cf2 \ulnone \'a0\cf4 \ul [MA2]\cf2 \ulnone \'a0to both crayfish and ALAN presence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\cf4 \ul [MA1]\cf2 \ulnone What responses? Diet? State clearly\
\'a0\cf4 \ul [MA2]\cf2 \ulnone Again, the aim of the paper is the spiders, the crayfish is additional information. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
The lux measurement places emphasis on wavelength of light that human eye perceives.\
\
Light detection sensitivity of crayfish begins at 570 m\'b5, which is within the spectra of light emitted from commonly used high-pressure sodium streetlights.\
\
What is meant by keystone species and ecosystem engineers. This in relation to signal crayfish.\
\
Crayfish especially signal crayfish influence many organisms through predation and reduced activity may lead to reduced foraging efficiency.\
\
Convex hull total area (TA), Sample size corrected ellipse (SEAc) and Bayesian standard ellipse area\
\
Crayfish\
Bonder et al., (2005) only shows the differences between juvenile and adult signal crayfish diet of which a higher proportion fed on macroinvertebrates.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bayesian mixing models were run separately for each Treatment group, with Flume treated as a random factor to account for variability among flumes within each treatment.\
The mean isotopic signature of both the crayfish and spider populations fell within the mixing polygon defined by the sources. As a result, the assumptions of the mixing model were met, and no further statistical tests were required.\
Posterior probability distributions of source contributions were obtained from the MixSIAR model output. Mean and 95% credible intervals (2.5th\'9697.5th percentiles) were used to summarize each source's contribution. Posterior distributions were visualized as density plots to illustrate the uncertainty associated with each estimate.\
The carapace length was significantly with diet inferred from the two isotope values, but treatment and sex were not significant using MANOVA. \
This shows that larger vs smaller individuals shows different isotopic values, which was also found in other studies. The reason could be ontogenic diet shift, changes in metabolism and trophic position changes with growth.\
\
###Interaction plot\
A significant interaction between \uc0\u948 \'b9
\f1 \uc0\u8309 
\f0 N and carapace length indicates a potential ontogenetic dietary shift in trophic position, with larger individuals occupying higher trophic levels. In contrast, the lack of interaction between \uc0\u948 \'b9\'b3C and carapace length suggests that basal carbon source use remains consistent across size classes.\
To assess variation across replicate we use flume as a random factor and sex as fixed effect to test for dietary difference between male and female.\
Other part necessary to mention in introduction: The signal crayfish are usually resistance to the crayfish plague, a fungal disease caused by\'a0
\f2\i Aphanomyces astaci
\f0\i0 , Schikora\cf9 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 This asymmetric overlap suggests potential niche expansion or increased trophic variability under artificial lighting, possibly due to changes in resource availability or foraging behavior.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf10 Maybe the increase water turbidity could have prevented the light from penetrating the downstream section of the stream where crayfish hiding place were kept and enhancing their ability to hunt for variety of food sources. \cf0 \
\
The reason for the wider niche width in the ALAN treatment could be related to the promotion of plant and algae (biofilm) growth in this flume. Thereby providing a wilder food source for the crayfish in the light treatment.\
\
Maybe instead of completion between similar spider, there could be attraction of predator leading to increase in competition for food as shown in Manfrin et al. (2018) where predator like Opilliones, Lycosidae and Other Tetragnathidae.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Since emerging aquatic insects uses ALAN as a positive phototaxic cue for orientation and reproduction, we expect ALAN to increase aquatic insects and predator around the illuminated area. Since aquatic insects link aquatic and terrestrial food webs, their reduction by signal crayfish may contribute to broader disruptions in riparian food web dynamics \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 While the primary objective of this study was to assess the individual and combined effects of ALAN and crayfish on spider diet, we also analyzed crayfish carbon and nitrogen isotope ratios to better understand their potential role in altering riparian food web dynamics.\cf2 \
\
The TEFs of 1.3 \'b1 0.30\'89 for d\super 13\nosupersub C and 2.9 \'b1 0.32\'89 for d\super 15\nosupersub N were used for crayfish (REF).  The contributions of Chironomidae and Gammaridae to the crayfish diet were combined in the mixing model due to isotopic overlap, which precluded clear separation of their individual dietary contributions. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb11 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf12 \cb8 Stream ecosystems are strongly influenced by their adjacent riparian ecosystems through the bidirectional exchange of matter, organisms, and energy. These fluxes are critical for ecosystem health and are affected by natural processes and human activities, such as land use, pollution, and habitat modification.\
\
Riparian and flood plain food webs, processing matter and transporting energy along stream channels, laterally to the flood plain and even vertically into the stream bed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Although signal crayfish are known to reduce overall benthic macroinvertebrate density and species richness (Ercoli et al., 2015), other environmental variables such as flow velocity and resource availability may have contributed to the observed differences.\
\
This increase in niche width may also have resulted from decreased long\'96\'a0term abundance of 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0   in an observational study from the same experiment (Manfrin et al., 2025), leading to a slightly more diverse range of available food resources. \
\
This suggests that the influence of ALAN on crayfish behavior was not pronounced. Although, previous studies have shown that ALAN can increase insect abundance around illuminated areas while reducing crayfish foraging activity.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Maybe in the discussion there is a few sentences needed which say, that both the ALAN levels and the crayfish density were applied at ambient and typical levels for surface waters and therefore it can be expected that these factors if occurring together have similar effects as observed here in surface waters worldwide!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Because aquatic insects are important sources of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and support spider immune function (REF), a reduction in the availability of emerging aquatic insects could have cascading effects on linked aquatic-terrestrial ecosystem when ALAN and crayfish occur together. \cf0 Importantly,  the ALAN level we applied is comparable to typical streetlight intensity, and crayfish density reflected natural field density in surface waters. Thus, it can be expected that when these factors co-occur in natural systems, their combined effects on food-web interactions will resemble the patterns observed here, making our findings relevant to surface waters worldwide.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Importantly, the ALAN level we applied in this study is comparable to typical streetlight intensity, and crayfish density reflected natural field density in surface waters. Therefore, when these factors co-occur in linked aquatic-terrestrial ecosystems, their combined effects on food-web dynamics are likely to resemble the patterns observed here, highlighting their relevance for surface waters globally. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf13 Our study shows that the proportion of aquatic and terrestrial prey in the diet of the riparian orb-web spider 
\f2\i T. extensa, as well as the 
\f0\i0 niche width, are altered by ALAN, invasive signal crayfish, and their combined effects\cf4 \ul ]\cf2 \ulnone \'a0\cf13 . These changes in spider diet and niche width may cascade through the adjacent riparian ecosystem, potentially altering food web dynamics and biodiversity. Our findings further reveal the importance of considering the interactive effects of light pollution and invasive species when developing environmental management strategies, especially in the context of ongoing urban expansion.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\cf4 \ul [R1]\cf2 \ulnone Maybe in the discussion there is a few sentences needed which say, that both the ALAN levels and the crayfish density were applied at ambient and typical levels for surface waters and therefore it can be expected that these factors if occurring together have similar effects as observed here in surface waters worldwide!\
\'a0\
And there may be another few sentences making clearer again what the potential implications of these single and combined factor interactions may be on surface waters and their riparian areas. Just conducting a multi-factor study and concluding both factors have an impact without specifying better and more concrete what the implications are, is likely not enough for a higher ranking journal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf13 Our study shows that the proportion of aquatic and terrestrial prey in the diet of the riparian orb-web spider 
\f2\i T. extensa, as well as the 
\f0\i0 niche width, are altered by ALAN, invasive signal crayfish, and their combined effects\cf4 \ul [\cf13 \ulnone . These changes in spider diet and niche width may cascade through the adjacent riparian ecosystem, potentially altering food web dynamics and biodiversity. Our findings further reveal the importance of considering both the individual and the interactive effects of light pollution and invasive species when developing environmental management strategies, especially in the context of ongoing urban expansion. Therefore, since the ALAN level we applied in this study is comparable to typical streetlight intensity, and the crayfish density reflected natural field density in surface water, our observed effects in this study highlight the relevance in surface water globally.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\cf4 \ul [R1]\cf2 \ulnone Maybe in the discussion there is a few sentences needed which say, that both the ALAN levels and the crayfish density were applied at ambient and typical levels for surface waters and therefore it can be expected that these factors if occurring together have similar effects as observed here in surface waters worldwide!\
\'a0\
And there may be another few sentences making clearer again what the potential implications of these single and combined factor interactions may be on surface waters and their riparian areas. Just conducting a multi-factor study and concluding both factors have an impact without specifying better and more concrete what the implications are, is likely not enough for a higher ranking journal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A model example is the horizontal orb-web spider (
\f2\i Tetragnatha extensa
\f0\i0 ) which derives up to 70% of its diet from aquatic sources and 30% terrestrial preys . Moreover, a mesocoms study by Manfrin et al. (2025) shows that the effects of ALAN, invasive crayfish, and their combined effects on Tetragnathidae abundance were taxa- and time-dependent and crayfish effects can extend beyond aquatic systems.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 While the effects of individual stressors on riparian food webs have been studied (REF), the combined effects of ALAN and invasive signal crayfish on the diet and isotopic niche width of riparian spiders remain unclear. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 While the effects of individual stressors on riparian food webs have been studied (REF), recent study reveals taxon- and time-dependent impacts on Tetragnathidae abundance and broader ecosystem dynamics (Manfrin et al., 2025). However, the combined effects of these stressors on the diet and isotopic niche width of riparian spiders remain unclear. \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
While the effects of individual stressors on riparian food webs have been studied (REF), Manfrin et al. (2025) demonstrated in our study system that the impacts of artificial light at night (ALAN), invasive signal crayfish, and their interaction on Tetragnathidae abundance were both taxon- and time-dependent, and that crayfish effects extended beyond aquatic ecosystems. However, the combined influence of these stressors on the diet composition and isotopic niche width of riparian spiders remains unclear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Furthermore, in a recent study, Manfrin et al. (2025) investigated the individual and combined effects of ALAN and signal crayfish on riparian spider abundance, showing that the effects were taxon- and time-dependent and influenced broader ecosystem dynamics.\
\
\cf2 Since aquatic insects link aquatic and terrestrial food webs, their reduction by invasive predators such as signal crayfish may contribute to broader disruptions in riparian food web dynamics (REF). Furthermore, in a recent study, Manfrin et al. (2025) investigated the individual and combined effects of ALAN and signal crayfish on riparian spider abundance, showing that the effects were taxon- and time-dependent and impact broader ecosystem dynamics. \
\
The observed effect of ALAN on T. extensa diet as found in this study could extend beyond riparian ecosystems  as the applied level of ALAN in this study is typically encountered in Urban area as ALAN is increasing at 10% annually and human settlement is  within 3 km of a surface water, this could become problematic for many biodiversity around the world.\
\
\cf0 The observed effect of ALAN on 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  diet in this study could extend beyond riparian ecosystems, as the applied ALAN levels are comparable to those typically encountered in urban areas. \
\
Therefore, given the annual increase of ~10% of global ALAN and increase proximity of  human settlements around surface waters and the observed effects ALAN on T. extensa diet in this study, such impact could pose a growing threat to biodiversity worldwide.\cf2 \
\
\cf0 Therefore, given the ~10% annual increase in global ALAN, the growing proximity of human settlements to surface waters, and the observed effects of ALAN on 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  diet in this study, such impacts could pose a growing threat to biodiversity worldwide.\
\
Overall, the observed effects of the combined ALAN and crayfish on specialist riparian spider T. extensa diet and niche width could have far reaching consequences for food web dynamics and other higher predators in riparian ecosystems resulting in decline in biodiversity around riparian ecosystems assume to be global biodiversity hotspots.\
\
Overall, the observed effects of combined ALAN and crayfish on the diet and niche width of the specialist riparian spider 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  could have far-reaching consequences for riparian food web dynamics, potentially contributing to biodiversity decline in these globally recognized biodiversity hotspots.\
\
Overall, the combined effects of ALAN and crayfish on the diet and niche breadth of the specialist riparian spider 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  could have significant repercussions for riparian food web dynamics and potentially contribute to biodiversity loss in these globally recognized hotspots.\cf2 \
\
\
The main aim of this study was to examine how emerging aquatic insects responds flood duration across four season, therefore we collected emerging aquatic insects over four flooding cycle across four seasons to assess differences emergence rate, and biomass flux between three flood durations (3-days, 7-days, and 14-days).\
\
\cf0 The main aim of this study was to examine how emerging aquatic insects respond to flood duration across four seasons. To address this, we collected emerging aquatic insects over four flooding cycles spanning four seasons and assessed differences in emergence rate and biomass flux among three flood durations (3, 7, and 14 days) and a control (no flooding).\
\
We hypothesized that longer flooding duration would increase emerging aquatic insects emergence rate and biomass flux of tolerance taxa, due to increase water level stability and sediment settling. \
\
We further hypothesized that emergence rate and biomass flux will fluctuate based on season\
\
ALAN is a ubiquitous source of light pollution in riparian ecosystems with a annual increase of 10% in sky brightness around the world\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 We expected a decreased proportion of aquatic prey in the diet of 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0  in the crayfish treatments, based on our hypothesis that crayfish would reduce the availability of aquatic insects to riparian spiders. However, our results showed the opposite pattern. \cf14 This increase in aquatic prey contribution may be because of their specialization in preying on emerging aquatic insects and also the observed reduction in T. Extensa abundance under this treatment. This could have increase their propensity to capture and assimilation of emerging aquatic insects such as Chironomidae and Tanypodinae in their webs. \cf2 Moreover, Chironomidae\'97one of the most abundant families in our study (Fig. S4)\'97may have been affected by crayfish predation. This is likely due to the crayfish\'92s opportunistic feeding behavior and their ability to switch between prey, which may have reduced predator pressure on Chironomidae and thereby increased their availability to 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0  in this treatment.
\f0\fs24  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We expected a decreased proportion of aquatic prey in the diet of 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  in the crayfish treatments, based on our hypothesis that crayfish would reduce the availability of aquatic insects to riparian spiders. Contrary to this expectation, our results showed the opposite pattern: a higher assimilated contribution of aquatic prey in the crayfish treatment. \
\
One possible explanation is that 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  specializes in capturing emerging aquatic insects by positioning their web directly on vegetation above the stream and increasing the propensity to directly capture emerging aquatic insects even with the observed reduction abundance under this treatment compared to control.\
\
and the observed reduction in 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0  abundance under crayfish treatments may have increased their propensity to capture and assimilate the available Chironomidae and Tanypodinae in their webs. \
\
In addition, Chironomidae\'97among the most abundant aquatic insect families in our study (Fig. S4)\'97may have been indirectly facilitated by crayfish predation. Given crayfish\'92s opportunistic and flexible feeding behavior, a dietary shift away from Chironomidae could have reduced predation pressure on this group, thereby increasing their availability to 
\f2\i T. extensa
\f0\i0 .\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Additionally, Manfrin et al. (2025) reported a decrease in T. extensa abundance in the crayfish treatment, this could have reduce the resource completion between the T. Extensa in the riparian area and increasing the potential for chironomidae to be caught in their web. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Moreover, Chironomidae\'97one of the most abundant families in our study together with Gammaridae (Fig. S4)\'97accounted for 58% of the crayfish diet (Fig. 5b), suggesting that crayfish relied on alternative food sources, consistent with the opportunistic feeding behavior and ability to switch among prey (Galib et al., 2022; Whitledge & Rabeni, 1997). Although signal crayfish are known to reduce overall benthic macroinvertebrate density and richness (Ercoli et al., 2015), the pattern observed here may reflect additional factors such as ontogenetic traits (e.g. size and sex), which can  strongly influence their impact on stream macroinvertebrate communities (Bondar et al., 2005; Ercoli et al., 2021). \
\
their overall abundance may not have been affected by crayfish predation. 
\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 [\'a0 1]\cf2 \ulnone \'a0
\fs32 Another possible contributing factor is the reduction in crayfish density over time (Table S1), which may have reduced their foraging pressure on macroinvertebrate populations, allowing for increased aquatic prey availability to 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0 . \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'97may have been less affected by crayfish predation. , which may have reduced predator pressure on Chironomidae and thereby increased their availability to 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0  in this treatment.
\f0\fs24  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Figure X.
\f0\b0 \strokec2  SEAb density interval plot. Points show the median of the normalized SEAb estimates. Box edges in light, medium, and dark brown correspond to the 50%, 75%, and 95% credible intervals, respectively. The red \'93\'d7\'94 indicates the corrected normalized SEAc for each treatment.
\f3\fs32 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf2 \'a0Furthermore, the median of the normalized trophic niche width of signal crayfish was larger in ALAN + crayfish treatment   compared to individual crayfish treatment: crayfish (median: 0.07, 95% CI: 0.04\'b10.10) and (0.05, 0.03\'b10.07) respectively.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Furthermore, signal crayfish showed a larger median normalized trophic niche width in the ALAN + crayfish treatment compared to the individual crayfish treatment, with medians of 0.07 (95% CI: 0.04\'960.10) and 0.05 (95% CI: 0.03\'960.07), respectively."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Moreover, Chironomidae\'97one of the most abundant families in our study together with Gammaridae (Fig. S4)\'97accounted for 58% of the crayfish diet (Fig. 5b), consistent with the reduced trophic niche of crayfish under this treatment, suggesting a less diverse food resources. Although signal crayfish are known to reduce overall benthic macroinvertebrate density and richness (REF), the pattern observed here may reflect additional factors such as ontogenetic traits (e.g., size and sex), which can influence their impact on stream macroinvertebrate communities (REF).
\f0\fs24  \
\

\f3\fs32 Previous studies have shown that ALAN can increase insect abundance around illuminated areas while reducing crayfish foraging activity (REF). However, in our combined ALAN and crayfish treatment, crayfish consumed a more diverse food resources under this treatment than in the individual treatment (Fig. 5c) reflecting opportunistic feeding behavior.\
\
Together with the increased proportion of Chir&Gamm in crayfish diet (Fig. 5b) and the broader trophic niche width (Fig. 5c), these results suggest that crayfish in the combined treatment consumed more diverse range of food resources, \
foraged more on diverse food resources, thereby reducing the aquatic prey contribution to 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0  diet.\
\
Stable isotope mixing models estimated that aquatic sources contributed 73%  to the diet of 
\f4\i T. extensa 
\f3\i0 under the crayfish treatment.  In the control, ALAN, and combined ALAN and crayfish treatments, aquatic contributions were similar, ranging from 61%, 60%, and 58%, respectively. Crayfish consumed 58% of the available Chironomidae in absence of ALAN and 73% under ALAN exposure. \
\
The normalized median niche width of 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0  increased under ALAN (0.11\'89
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \super 2
\f0\fs24 \nosupersub  
\f3\fs32 ) and  the combined ALAN and crayfish treatments (0.13) compared to the control (0.05), indicating greater dietary diversity. Aquatic prey consumption was highest in the presence of crayfish, and the trophic niche width was widest when ALAN and crayfish occurred together. \
\
This is likely because crayfish consumed the highest proportion of Chironomidae larvae and Gammaridae in the presence of ALAN, thereby reducing aquatic insect emergence and altering prey composition to 
\f4\i T. extensa
\f3\i0 .\
\
These shift in prey composition and the resulting broadening of the spider\'92s trophic niche, driven by ALAN and signal crayfish, highlight how multiple stressors can alter resource flow across linked aquatic\'96terrestrial ecosystems.\
\
Specifically, we expect ALAN to reduce signal crayfish foraging activity (REF), which in turn increase aquatic prey availability, leading to higher aquatic prey consumption and a broader isotopic niche in riparian spiders exposed to both ALAN and crayfish.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf2 \'a0\cf4 \ul [\'a0 1]
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \ulnone Actually in Manfrin et al. 2025 we found quite the opposite, which is also confirmed by your results or?\
\'a0\
Also you should add why you expect that, because crayfish has been shown to be active at night (cit.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl368\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 Total emergence flux (mean \'b1 SE, n = 4) of emerging aquatic insects during weeks 1 and 2 across treatments.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf2 \'a0\cf4 \ul [R1]
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \ulnone Probably better to write here total number of emerging insects as abundance is rather used for benthic invertebrates sample results\'85.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa285\qj\partightenfactor0

\f6\b\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf2 \'a0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl426\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf15 \cb16 \
\cf2 \cb1 \
}